Add short descriptions for scan, catch, and switchMap (#142)
WICG/observable: README.md

We propose the following operators in addition to the `Observable` interface:

- `switchMap(mapFn)`

>   - Maps the value to a new observable, the subscribes to it, flattening its values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Maps the value to a new observable, then subscribes to it, flattening its values
```

    into the output. When another value arrives from source, the previously mapped
    observable's subscription is aborted, and the new value is mapped to a value that is
    converted to an observable with `from` internally, and subscribed to, flattening its values
    into the output. This operator is useful for switching between streams, toggling streams
    on and off, and implicitly interupting async work and starting new work.
- `takeUntil(Observable)`
  - Returns an observable that mirrors the one that this method is called on,
    until the input observable emits its first value

> - `catch()`

Reviewer 2: Seems redundant with the other PR, right?

  - Like `Promise.catch()`, it takes a mapping function which is fired if the observable
    source emits an error. The mapping function should map into a new value which will be converted

>     into an observable with `from` interally and subscribed to in leiu of the errored source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    into an observable with `from` internally and subscribed to in lieu of the errored source.
```
